
  $Id$

This directory contains start and stop scripts for the cmsd, olbd (deprecated)
and xrootd, as well as a monitoring script for the cmsd when you wish to use
load balanced clustering. Please note that the cmsd and olbd provide the same
services but you must use one or the other everywhere. You may not mix them. The
cmsd is the prefered daemon (the olbd is provided for backward compatability).

The documentation for each script is contained within the script itself. Please
read the header comments in each script before using the script!

The StartCMS script starts the cmsd and the StartXRD script starts xrootd. Both
scripts must have a StartXRD.cf file installed in the same directory as the 
start script. This distribution includes a StartXRD.cf.example file to guide you
through setting the various variables to the appropriate values. Please create 
your own StartXRD.cf file from this example file.

The StartXRD.cf.example and the xrootd.cf.example files provided here use simple
defaults, which allow the xrootd daemon to start locally. They are useful to 
have something to start with and to get inspiration about the envvar usage.

To start a cmsd daemon, all you need to do is to is to fill in the name of the
manager host in the places where it should go inside the xrootd.cf file. The
default configuration files is provided as an easy way to have something trivial
which starts immediately after having compiled the package. These scripts can
also be used to set up a full cluster, but may be not adequate for particularily
complex installations. In this case, please refer to the example scripts and to
the documentation for support.

You need not use the provided start/stop scripts. However, they are provided
here as a helpful aid in managing the servers. The StartXrd.cf.example is the
simple one that shoud be good enough to get you going in less that 15 minutes!

Don't forget to modify your init scripts to start the servers at boot time!

Full documentation can be found at http://xrootd.slac.stanford.edu/
